adding blooms tax for compute (#376)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/objectives.md

Regardless of whether these skills conform to such a hierarchy,
Bloom's Taxonomy serves as a very useful bank of action verbs for use
in learning objectives.

> The Committee for Computing Education in Community Colleges has also created a [version of Blooms customized for computing related training][computeBloom].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Committee for Computing Education in Community Colleges has also created a [version of Bloom's Taxonomy customized for computing related training][computeBloom].
```
